Hi there,  everybody!
it has been a long time since I posted a video on YouTube
but I've received so many comments and I
thanks you   all  which posted them
and I was wondering what to do today
and as it is  Spring outside, and
the temperatures are starting to raise up
I wondered why not to do something really cool?
So, let's try and do some ice cream today
ingredientss for the banana ice cream
you can choose any fruit you like
in case of bananas, you will need 400 g of them.
180 g of sugar
350 ml   of a milk and cream mixture
process  the bananas in a food processor
and the other ingredients to the mixture
transfer the mixture to the ice cream maker
depending on the ice cream maker model, the process of making ice cream may
take longer,   in this  video  it took 45 minutes
30 -40 minutes later
take the ice cream out of the ice cream
maker and place it in a proper container
store the ice cream at   minimum temperature of -14°C  and
for no more than two weeks, because it  will lose its taste.
take it out of the freezer from 10 to 15 minutes before serving
the above ice creams  are :
strawberry, banana  and  Mango Flavoured
serving suggestion 1
serving suggestion 2
Mango  ice cream with strawberries